# V1PredictionRow


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**row_id** | **str** | Row ID is defined by the client and can be used to join a prediction row with the prediction result, and to track predictions generated by multiple models. The user is expected include row ID (along with prediction ID) when calling the observations API so that predictions and observations can be joined. | [optional] 
**model_inputs** | [**[V1NamedValue]**](V1NamedValue.md) | Model inputs contain all preprocessed feature that model use to perform prediction. The feature ordering in model_inputs must be the same as feature order expected by model.  Model inputs can be populated via 3 ways: - By performing preprocessing in the client-side and sent as part of original request. - By transforming raw feature values stored in transformer_inputs. - By retrieving precomputed feature value from feature store. | [optional] 
**transformer_inputs** | [**[V1NamedValue]**](V1NamedValue.md) | Transformer input contains raw values that can be used to enrich model_inputs using transformer. Typically transformer_inputs contains: - unprocessed/raw features that requires further processing.  - list of entities for which their precomputed features are retrieved from feature store. | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


