# V1PredictionRow

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RowId** | Pointer to **string** | Row ID is defined by the client and can be used to join a prediction row with the prediction result, and to track predictions generated by multiple models. The user is expected include row ID (along with prediction ID) when calling the observations API so that predictions and observations can be joined. | [optional] 
**ModelInputs** | Pointer to [**[]V1NamedValue**](V1NamedValue.md) | Model inputs contain all preprocessed feature that model use to perform prediction. The feature ordering in model_inputs must be the same as feature order expected by model.  Model inputs can be populated via 3 ways: - By performing preprocessing in the client-side and sent as part of original request. - By transforming raw feature values stored in transformer_inputs. - By retrieving precomputed feature value from feature store. | [optional] 
**TransformerInputs** | Pointer to [**[]V1NamedValue**](V1NamedValue.md) | Transformer input contains raw values that can be used to enrich model_inputs using transformer. Typically transformer_inputs contains: - unprocessed/raw features that requires further processing.  - list of entities for which their precomputed features are retrieved from feature store. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewV1PredictionRow

`func NewV1PredictionRow() *V1PredictionRow`

NewV1PredictionRow instantiates a new V1PredictionRow object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewV1PredictionRowWithDefaults

`func NewV1PredictionRowWithDefaults() *V1PredictionRow`

NewV1PredictionRowWithDefaults instantiates a new V1PredictionRow object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetRowId

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) GetRowId() string`

GetRowId returns the RowId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRowIdOk

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) GetRowIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRowIdOk returns a tuple with the RowId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRowId

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) SetRowId(v string)`

SetRowId sets RowId field to given value.

### HasRowId

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) HasRowId() bool`

HasRowId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetModelInputs

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) GetModelInputs() []V1NamedValue`

GetModelInputs returns the ModelInputs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModelInputsOk

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) GetModelInputsOk() (*[]V1NamedValue, bool)`

GetModelInputsOk returns a tuple with the ModelInputs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModelInputs

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) SetModelInputs(v []V1NamedValue)`

SetModelInputs sets ModelInputs field to given value.

### HasModelInputs

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) HasModelInputs() bool`

HasModelInputs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTransformerInputs

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) GetTransformerInputs() []V1NamedValue`

GetTransformerInputs returns the TransformerInputs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransformerInputsOk

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) GetTransformerInputsOk() (*[]V1NamedValue, bool)`

GetTransformerInputsOk returns a tuple with the TransformerInputs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransformerInputs

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) SetTransformerInputs(v []V1NamedValue)`

SetTransformerInputs sets TransformerInputs field to given value.

### HasTransformerInputs

`func (o *V1PredictionRow) HasTransformerInputs() bool`

HasTransformerInputs returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


